As a photographer, I usually reserve important pictures for my SLR. However, there are times that I just don’t want to take my expensive camera out, nor do I want to lug around all the accessories and lenses.

I looked for something more compact and lightweight than my big SLR, but something that wouldn’t sacrifice my ability to snag great shots with I needed to. The Canon PowerShot camera was the answer!

The Canon PowerShot SX520 and the PowerShot SX530, are both awesome cameras with a few differences to consider.
• The SX520 has a 42x Optical zoom w/no Wi-Fi;
• The SX530 has a 50x Optical zoom with Wi-Fi connection and tools...
Other than that, size and functionality are the exact same.

Both the 42x and the 50x Optical Zooms are incredible. The Optical Image Stabilizer Technology that accompanies the lenses insures that you will always take great shots.
• The 42x is equivalent to a (24-1008mm) zoom lens.
• The 50x is equivalent to a (24–1200mm) zoom lens.

For that same zoom capability in a SLR you would pay a ton of money!

Because of the small size and versatility, I find myself in more situations to take incredible shots, therefore this camera is quickly becoming my camera of choice when I go out. The camera has the same manual aperture and shutter adjustments as a SLR, so you won’t lose the ability to control the outcome of your shots.

The Zoom Framing Assist Technology is a great feature. The frame assist makes it easy to “track” your subjects while using the extreme telephoto feature. If you have never used extreme telephoto without a feature like this or a tripod, then you know what I mean (sSHaKyyy BuSiNeSsSs)! The Framing Assist Technology solves that problem.

Although I never considered shooting videos on my other cameras, I find that the 1080p full HD video on this camera has come in handy a few times while at a ball game.

OH, and you can take this camera into professional ball games without being hassled. Most folks don’t know that many stadiums don’t allow fans to bring SLR’s, or cameras with long telephoto lenses into sporting events. Stadium attendants say... “the right to use a professional grade camera in the stadium, is reserved for the sports press”. Well with this camera, you don’t have that problem. You can take it into any stadium you want, and you will have the capability to capturing the sports images of your dreams, and zoom right in on the player’s faces when they make those game winning shots! You can even zoom in on the cheering fans located on the other side of the field, capturing their facial expressions, at that perfect moment!

For the money, you can’t get a better deal. In fact, I would have easily paid a hundred dollars more for this camera.

